[Kotlin Sync] Add additional SearchOperator helper methods for the rest of the Atlas Search operators (#87)
mongodb/docs-kotlin-sync: source/aggregation.txt

   </reference/operator/aggregation/graphLookup/>` stage has a strict
   memory limit of 100 megabytes and ignores the ``allowDiskUse`` option.

.. _kotlin-sync-atlas-search-stage:

Pipelines Stages for Atlas Search

> ---------------------------------

Reviewer: S: Consider moving this section after the main aggregation examples on this page. Also consider renaming this section to just `Atlas Search` and then creating a subsection after the paragraph called `Create a Search Query` or something like that?

> :atlas:`Atlas Search </atlas-search>` queries take the form of an aggregation pipeline stage. Atlas
> Search provides ``$search`` and ``$searchMeta`` stages, both of which must be the first
> stage in any query pipeline. For more information about Atlas pipeline stages,
> see the :atlas:`Choose the Aggregation Pipeline Stage
> </atlas-search/query-syntax/>` page in the Atlas
> manual. 

Reviewer: S: simplify/combine sentences
```suggestion
You can perform an :atlas:`Atlas Search </atlas-search>` query by creating an aggregation pipeline
that contains one of the following pipeline stages: 

- ``$search``
- ``$searchMeta``

For more information about Atlas pipeline stages, see the :atlas:`Choose the Aggregation Pipeline Stage
</atlas-search/query-syntax/>` page in the Atlas documentation.
```

> .. sharedinclude:: dbx/jvm/atlas-search-operator-helpers.rst

Reviewer: S: consider revising the language in the table in this shared include to have the first column header be `Operator` instead of operation (as this is what they are referred to in the linked atlas docs`

>    .. replacement:: atlas-query-operators-example

Reviewer: S: in the docs-shared file - change the code description to actually reference the strings as they appear in the text. This is helpful for making sure users see the 1:1 mapping of the description to the code example
i.e
The following code creates a search stage for a pipeline with the following filters:

- ``genres`` array field includes ``"drama"``

etc

    .. code-block:: kotlin

        val searchStage: Bson = Aggregates.search(
            SearchOperator.compound()
                .filter(
                    listOf(
                        SearchOperator.text(fieldPath("genres"), "Drama"),
                        SearchOperator.phrase(fieldPath("cast"), "sylvester stallone"),
                        SearchOperator.numberRange(fieldPath("year")).gtLt(1980, 1989),
                        SearchOperator.wildcard(fieldPath("title"), "Rocky *")
                    )
                )
        )

> 

Reviewer: S: use a literalinclude and include output

   .. replacement:: searchoperator-interface-api-docs

>     the `SearchOperator Interface API documentation <{+core-api+}/client/model/search/SearchOperator.html>`__

Reviewer: S: correct the indentation of the replacement content
